WRT-418: Add note about data tests (#41)
tradingview/rest_integrations_docs: source/data_tests/index.rst

    :alt: Build results
    :align: center

Next steps
............

> To continue with the integration process, ensure that you pass all tests for `/symbol_info`_, `/history`_, and `/streaming`_.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
To continue with the integration process, ensure that all tests for `/symbol_info`_, `/history`_, and `/streaming`_ have passed.
```
